data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/pacvim                                        pacvim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacvim-maps/map0.txt                        pacvim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacvim-maps/map1.txt                        pacvim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacvim-maps/map10.txt                       pacvim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacvim-maps/map2.txt                        pacvim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacvim-maps/map3.txt                        pacvim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacvim-maps/map4.txt                        pacvim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacvim-maps/map5.txt                        pacvim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacvim-maps/map6.txt                        pacvim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacvim-maps/map7.txt                        pacvim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacvim-maps/map8.txt                        pacvim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pacvim-maps/map9.txt                        pacvim
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/spark                                         spark
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sqlmap                                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sqlmapapi                                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.git/HEAD                              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.git/config                            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.git/description                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.git/hooks/applypatch-msg.sample       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.git/hooks/commit-msg.sample           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.git/hooks/fsmonitor-watchman.sample   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.git/hooks/post-update.sample          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.git/hooks/pre-applypatch.sample       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.git/hooks/pre-commit.sample           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.git/hooks/pre-push.sample             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.git/hooks/pre-rebase.sample           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.git/hooks/pre-receive.sample          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.git/hooks/prepare-commit-msg.sample   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.git/hooks/update.sample               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.git/index                             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.git/info/exclude                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.git/logs/HEAD                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.git/logs/refs/heads/master            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/HEAD     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.git/objects/pack/pack-c74088baa15f534127624d14b2fd7770bddc6d2c.idx sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.git/objects/pack/pack-c74088baa15f534127624d14b2fd7770bddc6d2c.pack sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.git/packed-refs                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.git/refs/heads/master                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.git/refs/remotes/origin/HEAD          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.gitattributes                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.gitignore                             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/.travis.yml                            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/COMMITMENT                             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/LICENSE                                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/README.md                              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/procs/README.txt                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/procs/mssqlserver/activate_sp_oacreate.sql sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/procs/mssqlserver/configure_openrowset.sql sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/procs/mssqlserver/configure_xp_cmdshell.sql sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/procs/mssqlserver/create_new_xp_cmdshell.sql sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/procs/mssqlserver/disable_xp_cmdshell_2000.sql sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/procs/mssqlserver/dns_request.sql sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/procs/mssqlserver/enable_xp_cmdshell_2000.sql sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/procs/mssqlserver/run_statement_as_user.sql sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/procs/mysql/dns_request.sql       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/procs/mysql/write_file_limit.sql  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/procs/oracle/dns_request.sql      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/procs/postgresql/dns_request.sql  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/shell/README.txt                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/shell/backdoors/backdoor.asp_     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/shell/backdoors/backdoor.aspx_    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/shell/backdoors/backdoor.jsp_     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/shell/backdoors/backdoor.php_     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/shell/stagers/stager.asp_         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/shell/stagers/stager.aspx_        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/shell/stagers/stager.jsp_         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/shell/stagers/stager.php_         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/txt/common-columns.txt            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/txt/common-outputs.txt            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/txt/common-tables.txt             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/txt/keywords.txt                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/txt/smalldict.txt                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/txt/user-agents.txt               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/txt/wordlist.tx_                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/README.txt                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/mysql/linux/32/lib_mysqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/mysql/linux/64/lib_mysqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/mysql/windows/32/lib_mysqludf_sys.dll_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/mysql/windows/64/lib_mysqludf_sys.dll_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/postgresql/linux/32/8.2/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/postgresql/linux/32/8.3/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/postgresql/linux/32/8.4/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/postgresql/linux/32/9.0/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/postgresql/linux/32/9.1/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/postgresql/linux/32/9.2/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/postgresql/linux/32/9.3/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/postgresql/linux/32/9.4/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/postgresql/linux/64/8.2/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/postgresql/linux/64/8.3/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/postgresql/linux/64/8.4/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/postgresql/linux/64/9.0/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/postgresql/linux/64/9.1/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/postgresql/linux/64/9.2/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/postgresql/linux/64/9.3/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/postgresql/linux/64/9.4/lib_postgresqludf_sys.so_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/postgresql/windows/32/8.2/lib_postgresqludf_sys.dll_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/postgresql/windows/32/8.3/lib_postgresqludf_sys.dll_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/postgresql/windows/32/8.4/lib_postgresqludf_sys.dll_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/udf/postgresql/windows/32/9.0/lib_postgresqludf_sys.dll_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/xml/banner/generic.xml            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/xml/banner/mssql.xml              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/xml/banner/mysql.xml              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/xml/banner/oracle.xml             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/xml/banner/postgresql.xml         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/xml/banner/server.xml             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/xml/banner/servlet-engine.xml     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/xml/banner/set-cookie.xml         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/xml/banner/sharepoint.xml         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/xml/banner/x-aspnet-version.xml   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/xml/banner/x-powered-by.xml       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/xml/boundaries.xml                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/xml/errors.xml                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/xml/livetests.xml                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/xml/payloads/boolean_blind.xml    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/xml/payloads/error_based.xml      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/xml/payloads/inline_query.xml     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/xml/payloads/stacked_queries.xml  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/xml/payloads/time_blind.xml       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/xml/payloads/union_query.xml      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/data/xml/queries.xml                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/doc/AUTHORS                            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/doc/CHANGELOG.md                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/doc/FAQ.pdf                            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/doc/README.pdf                         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/doc/THANKS.md                          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/doc/THIRD-PARTY.md                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/doc/translations/README-bg-BG.md       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/doc/translations/README-de-GER.md      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/doc/translations/README-es-MX.md       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/doc/translations/README-fr-FR.md       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/doc/translations/README-gr-GR.md       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/doc/translations/README-hr-HR.md       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/doc/translations/README-id-ID.md       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/doc/translations/README-it-IT.md       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/doc/translations/README-ja-JP.md       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/doc/translations/README-pl-PL.md       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/doc/translations/README-pt-BR.md       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/doc/translations/README-ru-RUS.md      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/doc/translations/README-tr-TR.md       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/doc/translations/README-uk-UA.md       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/doc/translations/README-zh-CN.md       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/__init__.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/beep/__init__.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/beep/beep.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/beep/beep.wav                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/cloak/README.txt                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/cloak/__init__.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/cloak/cloak.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/dbgtool/README.txt               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/dbgtool/__init__.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/dbgtool/dbgtool.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/icmpsh/README.txt                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/icmpsh/__init__.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/icmpsh/icmpsh-m.c                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/icmpsh/icmpsh-m.pl               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/icmpsh/icmpsh-s.c                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/icmpsh/icmpsh.exe_               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/icmpsh/icmpsh_m.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/runcmd/README.txt                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/runcmd/runcmd.exe_               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/runcmd/src/README.txt            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/runcmd/src/runcmd/runcmd.cpp     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/runcmd/src/runcmd/runcmd.vcproj  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/runcmd/src/runcmd/stdafx.cpp     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/runcmd/src/runcmd/stdafx.h       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/runcmd/src/runcmd.sln            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/safe2bin/README.txt              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/safe2bin/__init__.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/safe2bin/safe2bin.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/shellcodeexec/README.txt         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/shellcodeexec/linux/shellcodeexec.x32_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/shellcodeexec/linux/shellcodeexec.x64_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/shellcodeexec/windows/shellcodeexec.x32.exe_ sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/shutils/blanks.sh                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/shutils/drei.sh                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/shutils/duplicates.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/shutils/junk.sh                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/shutils/modernize.sh             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/shutils/newlines.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/shutils/postcommit-hook.sh       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/shutils/precommit-hook.sh        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/shutils/pycodestyle.sh           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/shutils/pydiatra.sh              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/shutils/pyflakes.sh              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/shutils/pylint.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/shutils/pypi.sh                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/shutils/strip.sh                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/vulnserver/__init__.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/extra/vulnserver/vulnserver.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/__init__.py                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/controller/__init__.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/controller/action.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/controller/checks.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/controller/controller.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/controller/handler.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/__init__.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/agent.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/bigarray.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/common.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/compat.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/convert.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/data.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/datatype.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/decorators.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/defaults.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/dicts.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/dump.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/enums.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/exception.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/log.py                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/option.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/optiondict.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/patch.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/profiling.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/readlineng.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/replication.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/revision.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/session.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/settings.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/shell.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/subprocessng.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/target.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/testing.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/threads.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/unescaper.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/update.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/core/wordlist.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/parse/__init__.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/parse/banner.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/parse/cmdline.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/parse/configfile.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/parse/handler.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/parse/headers.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/parse/html.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/parse/payloads.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/parse/sitemap.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/request/__init__.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/request/basic.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/request/basicauthhandler.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/request/chunkedhandler.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/request/comparison.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/request/connect.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/request/direct.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/request/dns.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/request/httpshandler.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/request/inject.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/request/methodrequest.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/request/pkihandler.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/request/rangehandler.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/request/redirecthandler.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/request/templates.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/takeover/__init__.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/takeover/abstraction.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/takeover/icmpsh.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/takeover/metasploit.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/takeover/registry.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/takeover/udf.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/takeover/web.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/takeover/xp_cmdshell.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/techniques/__init__.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/techniques/blind/__init__.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/techniques/blind/inference.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/techniques/dns/__init__.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/techniques/dns/test.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/techniques/dns/use.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/techniques/error/__init__.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/techniques/error/use.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/techniques/union/__init__.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/techniques/union/test.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/techniques/union/use.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/utils/__init__.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/utils/api.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/utils/brute.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/utils/crawler.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/utils/deps.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/utils/getch.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/utils/har.py                       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/utils/hash.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/utils/hashdb.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/utils/htmlentities.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/utils/pivotdumptable.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/utils/progress.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/utils/purge.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/utils/search.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/utils/sgmllib.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/utils/sqlalchemy.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/utils/timeout.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/utils/versioncheck.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/lib/utils/xrange.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/__init__.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/__init__.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/access/__init__.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/access/connector.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/access/enumeration.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/access/filesystem.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/access/fingerprint.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/access/syntax.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/access/takeover.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/db2/__init__.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/db2/connector.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/db2/enumeration.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/db2/filesystem.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/db2/fingerprint.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/db2/syntax.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/db2/takeover.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/firebird/__init__.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/firebird/connector.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/firebird/enumeration.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/firebird/filesystem.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/firebird/fingerprint.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/firebird/syntax.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/firebird/takeover.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/h2/__init__.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/h2/connector.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/h2/enumeration.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/h2/filesystem.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/h2/fingerprint.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/h2/syntax.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/h2/takeover.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/hsqldb/__init__.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/hsqldb/connector.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/hsqldb/enumeration.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/hsqldb/filesystem.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/hsqldb/fingerprint.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/hsqldb/syntax.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/hsqldb/takeover.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/informix/__init__.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/informix/connector.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/informix/enumeration.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/informix/filesystem.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/informix/fingerprint.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/informix/syntax.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/informix/takeover.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/maxdb/__init__.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/maxdb/connector.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/maxdb/enumeration.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/maxdb/filesystem.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/maxdb/fingerprint.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/maxdb/syntax.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/maxdb/takeover.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mssqlserver/__init__.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mssqlserver/connector.py  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mssqlserver/enumeration.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mssqlserver/filesystem.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mssqlserver/fingerprint.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mssqlserver/syntax.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mssqlserver/takeover.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mysql/__init__.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mysql/connector.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mysql/enumeration.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mysql/filesystem.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mysql/fingerprint.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mysql/syntax.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/mysql/takeover.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/oracle/__init__.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/oracle/connector.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/oracle/enumeration.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/oracle/filesystem.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/oracle/fingerprint.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/oracle/syntax.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/oracle/takeover.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/postgresql/__init__.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/postgresql/connector.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/postgresql/enumeration.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/postgresql/filesystem.py  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/postgresql/fingerprint.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/postgresql/syntax.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/postgresql/takeover.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sqlite/__init__.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sqlite/connector.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sqlite/enumeration.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sqlite/filesystem.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sqlite/fingerprint.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sqlite/syntax.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sqlite/takeover.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sybase/__init__.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sybase/connector.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sybase/enumeration.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sybase/filesystem.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sybase/fingerprint.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sybase/syntax.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/dbms/sybase/takeover.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/generic/__init__.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/generic/connector.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/generic/custom.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/generic/databases.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/generic/entries.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/generic/enumeration.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/generic/filesystem.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/generic/fingerprint.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/generic/misc.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/generic/search.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/generic/syntax.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/generic/takeover.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/plugins/generic/users.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/sqlmap.conf                            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/sqlmap.py                              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/sqlmapapi.py                           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/swagger.yaml                           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/__init__.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/apostrophemask.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/apostrophenullencode.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/appendnullbyte.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/base64encode.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/between.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/bluecoat.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/chardoubleencode.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/charencode.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/charunicodeencode.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/charunicodeescape.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/commalesslimit.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/commalessmid.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/commentbeforeparentheses.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/concat2concatws.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/equaltolike.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/escapequotes.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/greatest.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/halfversionedmorekeywords.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/hex2char.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/htmlencode.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/ifnull2casewhenisnull.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/ifnull2ifisnull.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/informationschemacomment.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/least.py                        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/lowercase.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/luanginx.py                     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/modsecurityversioned.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/modsecurityzeroversioned.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/multiplespaces.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/overlongutf8.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/overlongutf8more.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/percentage.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/plus2concat.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/plus2fnconcat.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/randomcase.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/randomcomments.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/sp_password.py                  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/space2comment.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/space2dash.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/space2hash.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/space2morecomment.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/space2morehash.py               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/space2mssqlblank.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/space2mssqlhash.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/space2mysqlblank.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/space2mysqldash.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/space2plus.py                   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/space2randomblank.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/substring2leftright.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/symboliclogical.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/unionalltounion.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/unmagicquotes.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/uppercase.py                    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/varnish.py                      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/versionedkeywords.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/versionedmorekeywords.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/tamper/xforwardedfor.py                sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/__init__.py                 sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/ansistrm/__init__.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/ansistrm/ansistrm.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/beautifulsoup/__init__.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/beautifulsoup/beautifulsoup.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/bottle/__init__.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/bottle/bottle.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/__init__.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/big5freq.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/big5prober.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/chardetect.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/chardistribution.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/charsetgroupprober.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/charsetprober.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/codingstatemachine.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/compat.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/constants.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/cp949prober.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/escprober.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/escsm.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/eucjpprober.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/euckrfreq.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/euckrprober.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/euctwfreq.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/euctwprober.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/gb2312freq.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/gb2312prober.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/hebrewprober.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/jisfreq.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/jpcntx.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/langbulgarianmodel.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/langcyrillicmodel.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/langgreekmodel.py   sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/langhebrewmodel.py  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/langhungarianmodel.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/langthaimodel.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/latin1prober.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/mbcharsetprober.py  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/mbcsgroupprober.py  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/mbcssm.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/sbcharsetprober.py  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/sbcsgroupprober.py  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/sjisprober.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/universaldetector.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/chardet/utf8prober.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/clientform/__init__.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/clientform/clientform.py    sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/colorama/__init__.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/colorama/ansi.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/colorama/ansitowin32.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/colorama/initialise.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/colorama/win32.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/colorama/winterm.py         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/fcrypt/__init__.py          sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/fcrypt/fcrypt.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/gprof2dot/__init__.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/gprof2dot/gprof2dot.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/identywaf/LICENSE           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/identywaf/__init__.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/identywaf/data.json         sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/identywaf/identYwaf.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/keepalive/__init__.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/keepalive/keepalive.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/magic/__init__.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/magic/magic.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/multipart/__init__.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/multipart/multipartpost.py  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/odict/__init__.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/odict/ordereddict.py        sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/prettyprint/__init__.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/prettyprint/prettyprint.py  sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/pydes/__init__.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/pydes/pyDes.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/six/__init__.py             sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/socks/LICENSE               sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/socks/__init__.py           sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/socks/socks.py              sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/termcolor/__init__.py       sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/termcolor/termcolor.py      sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/wininetpton/__init__.py     sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/wininetpton/win_inet_pton.py sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/xdot/__init__.py            sqlmap
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/sqlmap/thirdparty/xdot/xdot.py                sqlmap
