data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/bastet                                        bastet
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man6/bastet.6.gz                        bastet
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/var/games/bastet.scores2                          bastet
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/hmac256.1                          libgcrypt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/hmac256                                       libgcrypt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/libgcrypt-config                              libgcrypt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/dumpsexp                                      libgcrypt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mpicalc                                       libgcrypt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libgcrypt.so                                  libgcrypt
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/aarch64-linux-android/8.3.0/libgfortran.so libgfortran5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/aarch64-linux-android/8.3.0/libgfortran.so.5 libgfortran5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/gcc/aarch64-linux-android/8.3.0/libgfortran.so.5.0.0 libgfortran5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libgfortran.so                                libgfortran5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libgfortran.so.5                              libgfortran5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libgfortran.so.5.0.0                          libgfortran5
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/nethack                                       nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man6/nethack.6                          nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/nhdat                        nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/license                      nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/symbols                      nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/nethack                      nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/recover                      nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/perm                         nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/record                       nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/logfile                      nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/xlogfile                     nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/lib/nethackdir/sysconf                      nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/games/nethack                                     nethack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/nsnake                                        nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man6/nsnake.6                           nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/3-hearts.nsnake         nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/NSNAKE.nsnake           nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/arena00.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/arena01.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/arena02.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/balls.nsnake            nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/cave00.nsnake           nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/diagonal-split.nsnake   nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/horizontal-madness.nsnake nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/lenny.nsnake            nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro00.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro01.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro02.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro03.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro04.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro05-2.nsnake        nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro05.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro06.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/retro07.nsnake          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/s.nsnake                nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/spiral-large.nsnake     nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/squares00.nsnake        nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/squares01.nsnake        nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/squares02.nsnake        nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/tetris.nsnake           nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/tricky-horizontal.nsnake nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/tricky-vertical.nsnake  nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/tricky.nsnake           nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/vertical-madness.nsnake nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/w.nsnake                nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/games/nsnake/levels/z.nsnake                nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/applications/nsnake.desktop                 nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pixmaps/nsnake.xpm                          nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/nsnake.png         nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/nsnake.png         nsnake
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/openblas.pc                         openblas
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/openblas/OpenBLASConfig.cmake           openblas
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/cmake/openblas/OpenBLASConfigVersion.cmake    openblas
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libopenblas.so                                openblas
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libopenblas.so.0                              openblas
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libopenblas_armv8p-r0.3.6.so                  openblas
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libblas.so                                    openblas
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/liblapack.so                                  openblas
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/openblas_config.h                         openblas
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/f77blas.h                                 openblas
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/cblas.h                                   openblas
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/lapacke.h                                 openblas
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/lapacke_config.h                          openblas
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/lapacke_mangling.h                        openblas
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/lapacke_utils.h                           openblas
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/cygdb                                         cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/cython                                        cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/cythonize                                     cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Build/BuildExecutable.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Build/Cythonize.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Build/Dependencies.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Build/Distutils.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Build/Inline.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Build/IpythonMagic.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Build/Tests/TestCyCache.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Build/Tests/TestInline.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Build/Tests/TestIpythonMagic.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Build/Tests/TestStripLiterals.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Build/Tests/__init__.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Build/Tests/__pycache__/TestCyCache.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Build/Tests/__pycache__/TestInline.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Build/Tests/__pycache__/TestIpythonMagic.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Build/Tests/__pycache__/TestStripLiterals.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Build/Tests/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Build/__init__.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Build/__pycache__/BuildExecutable.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Build/__pycache__/Cythonize.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Build/__pycache__/Dependencies.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Build/__pycache__/Distutils.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Build/__pycache__/Inline.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Build/__pycache__/IpythonMagic.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Build/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/CodeWriter.py  cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/AnalysedTreeTransforms.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Annotate.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/AutoDocTransforms.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Buffer.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Builtin.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/CmdLine.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Code.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Code.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/CodeGeneration.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/CythonScope.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/DebugFlags.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Errors.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/ExprNodes.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/FlowControl.cpython-37m.so cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/FlowControl.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/FlowControl.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/FusedNode.cpython-37m.so cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/FusedNode.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Future.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Interpreter.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Lexicon.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Main.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/MemoryView.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/ModuleNode.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Naming.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Nodes.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Optimize.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Options.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/ParseTreeTransforms.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/ParseTreeTransforms.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Parsing.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Parsing.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Pipeline.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/PyrexTypes.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Pythran.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Scanning.cpython-37m.so cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Scanning.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Scanning.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/StringEncoding.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Symtab.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/TestBuffer.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/TestCmdLine.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/TestFlowControl.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/TestGrammar.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/TestMemView.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/TestParseTreeTransforms.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/TestSignatureMatching.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/TestTreeFragment.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/TestTreePath.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/TestTypes.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/TestUtilityLoad.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/TestVisitor.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/__init__.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/__pycache__/TestBuffer.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/__pycache__/TestCmdLine.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/__pycache__/TestFlowControl.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/__pycache__/TestGrammar.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/__pycache__/TestMemView.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/__pycache__/TestParseTreeTransforms.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/__pycache__/TestSignatureMatching.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/__pycache__/TestTreeFragment.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/__pycache__/TestTreePath.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/__pycache__/TestTypes.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/__pycache__/TestUtilityLoad.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/__pycache__/TestVisitor.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Tests/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/TreeFragment.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/TreePath.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/TypeInference.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/TypeSlots.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/UtilNodes.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/UtilityCode.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Version.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Visitor.cpython-37m.so cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Visitor.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/Visitor.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__init__.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/AnalysedTreeTransforms.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/Annotate.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/AutoDocTransforms.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/Buffer.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/Builtin.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/CmdLine.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/Code.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/CodeGeneration.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/CythonScope.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/DebugFlags.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/Errors.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/ExprNodes.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/FlowControl.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/FusedNode.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/Future.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/Interpreter.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/Lexicon.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/Main.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/MemoryView.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/ModuleNode.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/Naming.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/Nodes.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/Optimize.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/Options.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/ParseTreeTransforms.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/Parsing.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/Pipeline.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/PyrexTypes.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/Pythran.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/Scanning.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/StringEncoding.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/Symtab.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/TreeFragment.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/TreePath.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/TypeInference.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/TypeSlots.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/UtilNodes.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/UtilityCode.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/Version.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/Visitor.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Compiler/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Coverage.py    cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Debugger/Cygdb.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Debugger/DebugWriter.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Debugger/Tests/TestLibCython.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Debugger/Tests/__init__.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Debugger/Tests/__pycache__/TestLibCython.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Debugger/Tests/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Debugger/Tests/__pycache__/test_libcython_in_gdb.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Debugger/Tests/__pycache__/test_libpython_in_gdb.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Debugger/Tests/cfuncs.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Debugger/Tests/codefile cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Debugger/Tests/test_libcython_in_gdb.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Debugger/Tests/test_libpython_in_gdb.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Debugger/__init__.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Debugger/__pycache__/Cygdb.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Debugger/__pycache__/DebugWriter.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Debugger/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Debugger/__pycache__/libcython.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Debugger/__pycache__/libpython.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Debugger/libcython.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Debugger/libpython.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Debugging.py   cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Distutils/__init__.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Distutils/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Distutils/__pycache__/build_ext.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Distutils/__pycache__/extension.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Distutils/__pycache__/old_build_ext.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Distutils/build_ext.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Distutils/extension.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Distutils/old_build_ext.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_bool.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_buffer.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_bytes.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_cobject.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_complex.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_dict.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_exc.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_float.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_function.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_getargs.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_instance.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_int.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_iterator.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_list.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_long.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_mapping.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_mem.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_method.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_module.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_number.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_object.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_oldbuffer.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_pycapsule.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_ref.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_sequence.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_set.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_string.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_tuple.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_type.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_unicode.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_version.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/python_weakref.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/stdio.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/stdlib.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/Deprecated/stl.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/__init__.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/array.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/bool.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/buffer.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/bytearray.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/bytes.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/ceval.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/cobject.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/complex.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/datetime.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/dict.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/exc.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/float.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/function.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/getargs.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/instance.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/int.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/iterator.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/list.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/long.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/longintrepr.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/mapping.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/mem.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/method.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/module.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/number.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/object.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/oldbuffer.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/pycapsule.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/pylifecycle.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/pystate.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/pythread.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/ref.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/sequence.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/set.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/slice.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/string.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/tuple.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/type.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/unicode.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/version.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/cpython/weakref.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libc/__init__.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libc/errno.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libc/float.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libc/limits.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libc/locale.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libc/math.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libc/setjmp.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libc/signal.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libc/stddef.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libc/stdint.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libc/stdio.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libc/stdlib.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libc/string.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libc/time.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libcpp/__init__.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libcpp/algorithm.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libcpp/cast.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libcpp/complex.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libcpp/deque.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libcpp/forward_list.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libcpp/functional.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libcpp/iterator.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libcpp/limits.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libcpp/list.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libcpp/map.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libcpp/memory.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libcpp/pair.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libcpp/queue.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libcpp/set.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libcpp/stack.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libcpp/string.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libcpp/typeindex.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libcpp/typeinfo.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libcpp/unordered_map.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libcpp/unordered_set.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libcpp/utility.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/libcpp/vector.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/numpy/__init__.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/numpy/math.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/openmp.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/posix/__init__.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/posix/dlfcn.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/posix/fcntl.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/posix/ioctl.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/posix/mman.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/posix/resource.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/posix/select.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/posix/signal.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/posix/stat.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/posix/stdio.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/posix/stdlib.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/posix/strings.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/posix/time.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/posix/types.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/posix/unistd.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Includes/posix/wait.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/Actions.cpython-37m.so cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/Actions.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/Actions.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/DFA.py    cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/Errors.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/Lexicons.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/Machines.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/Regexps.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/Scanners.cpython-37m.so cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/Scanners.pxd cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/Scanners.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/Timing.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/Traditional.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/Transitions.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/__init__.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/__pycache__/Actions.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/__pycache__/DFA.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/__pycache__/Errors.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/__pycache__/Lexicons.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/__pycache__/Machines.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/__pycache__/Regexps.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/__pycache__/Scanners.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/__pycache__/Timing.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/__pycache__/Traditional.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/__pycache__/Transitions.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Plex/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Runtime/__init__.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Runtime/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Runtime/refnanny.cpython-37m.so cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Runtime/refnanny.pyx cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Shadow.py      cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/StringIOTree.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Tempita/__init__.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Tempita/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Tempita/__pycache__/_looper.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Tempita/__pycache__/_tempita.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Tempita/__pycache__/compat3.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Tempita/_looper.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Tempita/_tempita.cpython-37m.so cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Tempita/_tempita.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Tempita/compat3.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/TestUtils.py   cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Tests/TestCodeWriter.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Tests/TestCythonUtils.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Tests/TestJediTyper.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Tests/TestStringIOTree.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Tests/__init__.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Tests/__pycache__/TestCodeWriter.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Tests/__pycache__/TestCythonUtils.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Tests/__pycache__/TestJediTyper.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Tests/__pycache__/TestStringIOTree.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Tests/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Tests/__pycache__/xmlrunner.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Tests/xmlrunner.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/AsyncGen.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/Buffer.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/Builtins.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/CConvert.pyx cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/CMath.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/Capsule.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/CommonStructures.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/Complex.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/Coroutine.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/CpdefEnums.pyx cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/CppConvert.pyx cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/CppSupport.cpp cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/CythonFunction.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/Embed.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/Exceptions.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/ExtensionTypes.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/FunctionArguments.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/ImportExport.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/MemoryView.pyx cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/MemoryView_C.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/ModuleSetupCode.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/ObjectHandling.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/Optimize.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/Overflow.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/Printing.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/Profile.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/StringTools.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/TestCyUtilityLoader.pyx cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/TestCythonScope.pyx cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/TestUtilityLoader.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/TypeConversion.c cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/__init__.py cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utility/arrayarray.h cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/Utils.py       cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/__init__.py    cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/__pycache__/CodeWriter.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/__pycache__/Coverage.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/__pycache__/Debugging.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/__pycache__/Shadow.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/__pycache__/StringIOTree.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/__pycache__/TestUtils.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/__pycache__/Utils.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython-0.29.7-py3.7.egg-info/PKG-INFO cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython-0.29.7-py3.7.egg-info/SOURCES.txt cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython-0.29.7-py3.7.egg-info/dependency_links.txt cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython-0.29.7-py3.7.egg-info/entry_points.txt cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython-0.29.7-py3.7.egg-info/installed-files.txt cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython-0.29.7-py3.7.egg-info/not-zip-safe cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Cython-0.29.7-py3.7.egg-info/top_level.txt cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/cython.py             cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/cython3/changelog.Debian.gz             cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/cython3/changelog.gz                    cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/cython3/copyright                       cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/cython3/upstream/metadata               cython
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/ElementInclude.py lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/__init__.py      lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/__pycache__/ElementInclude.cpython-37.pyc lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/__pycache__/_elementpath.cpython-37.pyc lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/__pycache__/builder.cpython-37.pyc lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/__pycache__/cssselect.cpython-37.pyc lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/__pycache__/doctestcompare.cpython-37.pyc lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/__pycache__/pyclasslookup.cpython-37.pyc lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/__pycache__/sax.cpython-37.pyc lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/__pycache__/usedoctest.cpython-37.pyc lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/_elementpath.cpython-37m.so lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/_elementpath.py  lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/builder.cpython-37m.so lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/builder.py       lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/cssselect.py     lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/doctestcompare.py lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/etree.cpython-37m.so lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/etree.h          lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/etree_api.h      lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/ElementSoup.py lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/__init__.py lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/__pycache__/ElementSoup.cpython-37.pyc lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/__pycache__/_diffcommand.cpython-37.pyc lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/__pycache__/_html5builder.cpython-37.pyc lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/__pycache__/_setmixin.cpython-37.pyc lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/__pycache__/builder.cpython-37.pyc lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/__pycache__/clean.cpython-37.pyc lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/__pycache__/defs.cpython-37.pyc lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/__pycache__/diff.cpython-37.pyc lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/__pycache__/formfill.cpython-37.pyc lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/__pycache__/html5parser.cpython-37.pyc lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/__pycache__/soupparser.cpython-37.pyc lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/__pycache__/usedoctest.cpython-37.pyc lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/_diffcommand.py lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/_html5builder.py lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/_setmixin.py lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/builder.py  lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/clean.cpython-37m.so lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/clean.py    lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/defs.py     lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/diff.cpython-37m.so lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/diff.py     lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/formfill.py lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/html5parser.py lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/soupparser.py lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/html/usedoctest.py lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/includes/__init__.pxd lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/includes/__init__.py lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/includes/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/includes/c14n.pxd lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/includes/config.pxd lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/includes/dtdvalid.pxd lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/includes/etree_defs.h lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/includes/etreepublic.pxd lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/includes/htmlparser.pxd lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/includes/lxml-version.h lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/includes/relaxng.pxd lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/includes/schematron.pxd lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/includes/tree.pxd lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/includes/uri.pxd lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/includes/xinclude.pxd lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/includes/xmlerror.pxd lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/includes/xmlparser.pxd lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/includes/xmlschema.pxd lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/includes/xpath.pxd lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/includes/xslt.pxd lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/isoschematron/__init__.py lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/isoschematron/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/isoschematron/resources/rng/iso-schematron.rng lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/isoschematron/resources/xsl/RNG2Schtrn.xsl lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/isoschematron/resources/xsl/XSD2Schtrn.xsl lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/isoschematron/resources/xsl/iso-schematron-xslt1/iso_abstract_expand.xsl lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/isoschematron/resources/xsl/iso-schematron-xslt1/iso_dsdl_include.xsl lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/isoschematron/resources/xsl/iso-schematron-xslt1/iso_schematron_message.xsl lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/isoschematron/resources/xsl/iso-schematron-xslt1/iso_schematron_skeleton_for_xslt1.xsl lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/isoschematron/resources/xsl/iso-schematron-xslt1/iso_svrl_for_xslt1.xsl lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/isoschematron/resources/xsl/iso-schematron-xslt1/readme.txt lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/lxml.etree.h     lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/lxml.etree_api.h lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/objectify.cpython-37m.so lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/pyclasslookup.py lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/sax.cpython-37m.so lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/sax.py           lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml/usedoctest.py    lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml-4.3.3-py3.7.egg-info/PKG-INFO lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml-4.3.3-py3.7.egg-info/SOURCES.txt lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml-4.3.3-py3.7.egg-info/dependency_links.txt lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml-4.3.3-py3.7.egg-info/installed-files.txt lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml-4.3.3-py3.7.egg-info/not-zip-safe lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml-4.3.3-py3.7.egg-info/requires.txt lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/lxml-4.3.3-py3.7.egg-info/top_level.txt lxml
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/f2py3                                         numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/f2py3.7                                       numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/f2py                                          numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/EGG-INFO/PKG-INFO numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/EGG-INFO/SOURCES.txt numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/EGG-INFO/dependency_links.txt numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/EGG-INFO/entry_points.txt numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/EGG-INFO/native_libs.txt numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/EGG-INFO/not-zip-safe numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/EGG-INFO/top_level.txt numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/__main__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/__version__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/auxfuncs.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/capi_maps.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/cb_rules.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/cfuncs.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/common_rules.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/crackfortran.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/diagnose.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/f2py2e.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/f2py_testing.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/f90mod_rules.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/func2subr.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/info.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/rules.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/setup.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/use_rules.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/__pycache__/__main__.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/__pycache__/__version__.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/__pycache__/auxfuncs.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/__pycache__/capi_maps.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/__pycache__/cb_rules.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/__pycache__/cfuncs.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/__pycache__/common_rules.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/__pycache__/crackfortran.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/__pycache__/diagnose.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/__pycache__/f2py2e.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/__pycache__/f2py_testing.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/__pycache__/f90mod_rules.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/__pycache__/func2subr.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/__pycache__/info.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/__pycache__/rules.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/__pycache__/use_rules.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/src/fortranobject.c numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/src/fortranobject.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/src/kind/foo.f90 numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/src/size/foo.f90 numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/src/array_from_pyobj/wrapmodule.c numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/src/mixed/foo.f numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/src/mixed/foo_fixed.f90 numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/src/mixed/foo_free.f90 numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/src/string/char.f90 numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/src/assumed_shape/.f2py_f2cmap numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/src/assumed_shape/foo_free.f90 numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/src/assumed_shape/foo_mod.f90 numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/src/assumed_shape/foo_use.f90 numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/src/assumed_shape/precision.f90 numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/src/parameter/constant_both.f90 numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/src/parameter/constant_compound.f90 numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/src/parameter/constant_integer.f90 numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/src/parameter/constant_non_compound.f90 numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/src/parameter/constant_real.f90 numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/src/common/block.f numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/src/regression/inout.f90 numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/test_array_from_pyobj.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/test_assumed_shape.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/test_block_docstring.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/test_callback.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/test_common.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/test_compile_function.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/test_kind.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/test_mixed.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/test_parameter.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/test_quoted_character.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/test_regression.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/test_return_character.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/test_return_complex.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/test_return_integer.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/test_return_logical.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/test_return_real.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/test_semicolon_split.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/test_size.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/test_string.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/f2py/tests/util.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/bench.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/core.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/extras.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/mrecords.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/setup.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/testutils.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/timer_comparison.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/version.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/__pycache__/bench.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/__pycache__/core.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/__pycache__/extras.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/__pycache__/mrecords.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/__pycache__/testutils.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/__pycache__/timer_comparison.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/__pycache__/version.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/tests/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/tests/test_core.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/tests/test_deprecations.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/tests/test_extras.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/tests/test_mrecords.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/tests/test_old_ma.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/tests/test_regression.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ma/tests/test_subclassing.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/decorators.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/noseclasses.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/nosetester.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/print_coercion_tables.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/setup.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/utils.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/tests/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/tests/test_decorators.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/tests/test_doctesting.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/tests/test_utils.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/__pycache__/decorators.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/__pycache__/noseclasses.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/__pycache__/nosetester.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/__pycache__/print_coercion_tables.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/__pycache__/utils.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/_private/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/_private/decorators.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/_private/noseclasses.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/_private/nosetester.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/_private/parameterized.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/_private/utils.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/_private/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/_private/__pycache__/decorators.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/_private/__pycache__/noseclasses.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/_private/__pycache__/nosetester.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/_private/__pycache__/parameterized.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/testing/_private/__pycache__/utils.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/LICENSE.txt numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/__config__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/_distributor_init.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/_globals.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/_pytesttester.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/conftest.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/ctypeslib.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/dual.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/matlib.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/setup.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/version.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/_datasource.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/_iotools.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/_version.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/arraypad.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/arraysetops.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/arrayterator.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/financial.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/format.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/function_base.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/histograms.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/index_tricks.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/info.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/mixins.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/nanfunctions.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/npyio.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/polynomial.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/recfunctions.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/scimath.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/setup.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/shape_base.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/stride_tricks.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/twodim_base.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/type_check.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/ufunclike.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/user_array.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/utils.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/polynomial.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/recfunctions.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/scimath.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/shape_base.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/stride_tricks.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/twodim_base.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/type_check.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/ufunclike.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/user_array.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/utils.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/_datasource.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/_iotools.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/_version.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/arraypad.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/arraysetops.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/arrayterator.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/financial.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/format.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/function_base.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/histograms.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/index_tricks.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/info.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/mixins.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/nanfunctions.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/__pycache__/npyio.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/data/py2-objarr.npy numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/data/py2-objarr.npz numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/data/py3-objarr.npy numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/data/py3-objarr.npz numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/data/python3.npy numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/data/win64python2.npy numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/test__datasource.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/test__iotools.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/test__version.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/test_arraypad.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/test_arraysetops.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/test_arrayterator.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/test_financial.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/test_format.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/test_function_base.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/test_histograms.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/test_index_tricks.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/test_io.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/test_mixins.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/test_nanfunctions.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/test_packbits.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/test_polynomial.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/test_recfunctions.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/test_regression.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/test_shape_base.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/test_stride_tricks.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/test_twodim_base.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/test_type_check.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/test_ufunclike.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/lib/tests/test_utils.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/linalg/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/linalg/_umath_linalg.cpython-37m.so numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/linalg/_umath_linalg.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/linalg/info.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/linalg/lapack_lite.cpython-37m.so numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/linalg/lapack_lite.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/linalg/linalg.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/linalg/setup.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/linalg/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/linalg/__pycache__/_umath_linalg.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/linalg/__pycache__/info.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/linalg/__pycache__/lapack_lite.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/linalg/__pycache__/linalg.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/linalg/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/linalg/tests/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/linalg/tests/test_build.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/linalg/tests/test_deprecations.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/linalg/tests/test_linalg.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/linalg/tests/test_regression.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/random/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/random/info.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/random/mtrand.cpython-37m.so numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/random/mtrand.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/random/randomkit.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/random/setup.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/random/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/random/__pycache__/info.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/random/__pycache__/mtrand.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/random/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/random/tests/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/random/tests/test_random.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/random/tests/test_regression.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/tests/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/tests/test_ctypeslib.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/tests/test_matlib.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/tests/test_numpy_version.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/tests/test_public_api.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/tests/test_reloading.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/tests/test_scripts.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/tests/test_warnings.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/__pycache__/__config__.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/__pycache__/_distributor_init.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/__pycache__/_globals.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/__pycache__/_pytesttester.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/__pycache__/conftest.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/__pycache__/ctypeslib.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/__pycache__/dual.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/__pycache__/matlib.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/__pycache__/version.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/tests/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/tests/test_chebyshev.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/tests/test_classes.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/tests/test_hermite.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/tests/test_hermite_e.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/tests/test_laguerre.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/tests/test_legendre.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/tests/test_polynomial.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/tests/test_polyutils.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/tests/test_printing.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/_polybase.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/chebyshev.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/hermite.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/hermite_e.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/laguerre.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/legendre.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/polynomial.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/polyutils.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/setup.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/__pycache__/_polybase.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/__pycache__/chebyshev.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/__pycache__/hermite.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/__pycache__/hermite_e.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/__pycache__/laguerre.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/__pycache__/legendre.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/__pycache__/polynomial.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/__pycache__/polyutils.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/polynomial/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/__multiarray_api.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/__ufunc_api.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/_neighborhood_iterator_imp.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/_numpyconfig.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/arrayobject.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/arrayscalars.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/halffloat.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/multiarray_api.txt numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarrayobject.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/ndarraytypes.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/noprefix.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_1_7_deprecated_api.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_3kcompat.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_common.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_cpu.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_endian.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_interrupt.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_math.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_no_deprecated_api.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/npy_os.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/numpyconfig.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/old_defines.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/oldnumeric.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/ufunc_api.txt numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/ufuncobject.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/include/numpy/utils.h numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/_locales.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_abc.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_api.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_arrayprint.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_datetime.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_defchararray.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_deprecations.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_dtype.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_einsum.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_errstate.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_extint128.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_function_base.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_getlimits.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_half.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_indexerrors.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_indexing.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_item_selection.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_longdouble.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_machar.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_mem_overlap.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_memmap.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_multiarray.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_nditer.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_numeric.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_numerictypes.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_overrides.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_print.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_records.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_regression.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_scalar_ctors.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_scalarbuffer.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_scalarinherit.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_scalarmath.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_scalarprint.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_shape_base.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_ufunc.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_umath.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_umath_complex.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/test_unicode.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/data/astype_copy.pkl numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/tests/data/recarray_from_file.fits numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/_add_newdocs.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/_aliased_types.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/_dtype.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/_dtype_ctypes.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/_dummy.cpython-37m.so numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/_dummy.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/_internal.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/_methods.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/_multiarray_tests.cpython-37m.so numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/_multiarray_tests.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/_multiarray_umath.cpython-37m.so numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/_multiarray_umath.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/_operand_flag_tests.cpython-37m.so numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/_operand_flag_tests.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/_rational_tests.cpython-37m.so numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/_rational_tests.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/_string_helpers.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/_struct_ufunc_tests.cpython-37m.so numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/_struct_ufunc_tests.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/_type_aliases.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/_umath_tests.cpython-37m.so numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/_umath_tests.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/arrayprint.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/cversions.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/defchararray.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/einsumfunc.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/fromnumeric.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/function_base.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/generate_numpy_api.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/getlimits.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/info.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/machar.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/memmap.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/multiarray.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/numeric.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/numerictypes.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/overrides.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/records.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/setup.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/setup_common.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/shape_base.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/umath.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/umath_tests.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/lib/libnpymath.a numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/lib/npy-pkg-config/mlib.ini numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/lib/npy-pkg-config/npymath.ini numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/_add_newdocs.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/_aliased_types.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/_dtype.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/_dtype_ctypes.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/_dummy.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/_internal.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/_methods.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/_multiarray_tests.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/_multiarray_umath.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/_operand_flag_tests.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/_rational_tests.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/_string_helpers.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/_struct_ufunc_tests.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/_type_aliases.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/_umath_tests.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/arrayprint.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/cversions.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/defchararray.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/einsumfunc.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/fromnumeric.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/function_base.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/generate_numpy_api.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/getlimits.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/info.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/machar.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/memmap.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/multiarray.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/numeric.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/numerictypes.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/overrides.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/records.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/setup_common.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/shape_base.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/umath.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/core/__pycache__/umath_tests.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/autodist.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/bdist_rpm.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/build.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/build_clib.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/build_ext.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/build_py.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/build_scripts.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/build_src.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/config.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/config_compiler.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/develop.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/egg_info.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/install.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/install_clib.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/install_data.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/install_headers.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/sdist.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/__pycache__/autodist.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/__pycache__/bdist_rpm.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/__pycache__/build.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_clib.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_ext.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_py.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_scripts.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/__pycache__/build_src.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/__pycache__/config.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/__pycache__/config_compiler.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/__pycache__/develop.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/__pycache__/egg_info.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/__pycache__/install.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_clib.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_data.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/__pycache__/install_headers.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/command/__pycache__/sdist.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/mingw/gfortran_vs2003_hack.c numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/tests/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/tests/test_exec_command.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/tests/test_fcompiler.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/tests/test_fcompiler_gnu.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/tests/test_fcompiler_intel.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/tests/test_fcompiler_nagfor.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/tests/test_from_template.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/tests/test_misc_util.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/tests/test_npy_pkg_config.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/tests/test_shell_utils.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/tests/test_system_info.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__config__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__version__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/_shell_utils.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/ccompiler.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/compat.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/conv_template.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/core.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/cpuinfo.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/exec_command.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/extension.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/from_template.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/info.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/intelccompiler.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/lib2def.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/line_endings.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/log.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/mingw32ccompiler.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/misc_util.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/msvc9compiler.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/msvccompiler.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/npy_pkg_config.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/numpy_distribution.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/pathccompiler.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/setup.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/system_info.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/unixccompiler.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/absoft.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/compaq.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/environment.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/g95.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/gnu.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/hpux.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/ibm.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/intel.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/lahey.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/mips.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/nag.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/none.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/pathf95.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/pg.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/sun.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/vast.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/__pycache__/absoft.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/__pycache__/compaq.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/__pycache__/environment.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/__pycache__/g95.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/__pycache__/gnu.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/__pycache__/hpux.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/__pycache__/ibm.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/__pycache__/intel.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/__pycache__/lahey.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/__pycache__/mips.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/__pycache__/nag.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/__pycache__/none.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/__pycache__/pathf95.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/__pycache__/pg.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/__pycache__/sun.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/fcompiler/__pycache__/vast.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/__config__.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/__version__.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/_shell_utils.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/ccompiler.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/compat.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/conv_template.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/core.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/cpuinfo.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/exec_command.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/extension.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/from_template.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/info.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/intelccompiler.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/lib2def.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/line_endings.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/log.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/mingw32ccompiler.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/misc_util.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/msvc9compiler.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/msvccompiler.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/npy_pkg_config.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/numpy_distribution.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/pathccompiler.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/system_info.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/distutils/__pycache__/unixccompiler.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/basics.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/broadcasting.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/byteswapping.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/constants.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/creation.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/glossary.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/indexing.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/internals.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/misc.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/structured_arrays.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/subclassing.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/ufuncs.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/__pycache__/basics.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/__pycache__/broadcasting.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/__pycache__/byteswapping.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/__pycache__/constants.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/__pycache__/creation.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/__pycache__/glossary.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/__pycache__/indexing.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/__pycache__/internals.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/__pycache__/misc.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/__pycache__/structured_arrays.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/__pycache__/subclassing.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/doc/__pycache__/ufuncs.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/fft/tests/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/fft/tests/test_fftpack.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/fft/tests/test_helper.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/fft/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/fft/fftpack.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/fft/fftpack_lite.cpython-37m.so numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/fft/fftpack_lite.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/fft/helper.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/fft/info.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/fft/setup.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/fft/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/fft/__pycache__/fftpack.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/fft/__pycache__/fftpack_lite.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/fft/__pycache__/helper.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/fft/__pycache__/info.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/fft/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/compat/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/compat/__pycache__/_inspect.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/compat/__pycache__/py3k.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/compat/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/compat/tests/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/compat/tests/test_compat.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/compat/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/compat/_inspect.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/compat/py3k.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/compat/setup.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/matrixlib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/matrixlib/__pycache__/defmatrix.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/matrixlib/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/matrixlib/tests/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/matrixlib/tests/test_defmatrix.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/matrixlib/tests/test_interaction.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/matrixlib/tests/test_masked_matrix.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/matrixlib/tests/test_matrix_linalg.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/matrixlib/tests/test_multiarray.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/matrixlib/tests/test_numeric.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/matrixlib/tests/test_regression.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/matrixlib/__init__.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/matrixlib/defmatrix.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/numpy-1.16.3-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/numpy/matrixlib/setup.py numpy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/BdfFontFile.py    pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/BlpImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/BmpImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/BufrStubImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ContainerIO.py    pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/CurImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/DcxImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/DdsImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/EpsImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ExifTags.py       pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/FitsStubImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/FliImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/FontFile.py       pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/FpxImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/FtexImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/GbrImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/GdImageFile.py    pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/GifImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/GimpGradientFile.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/GimpPaletteFile.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/GribStubImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/Hdf5StubImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/IcnsImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/IcoImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImImagePlugin.py  pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/Image.py          pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImageChops.py     pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImageCms.py       pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImageColor.py     pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImageDraw.py      pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImageDraw2.py     pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImageEnhance.py   pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImageFile.py      pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImageFilter.py    pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImageFont.py      pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImageGrab.py      pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImageMath.py      pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImageMode.py      pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImageMorph.py     pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImageOps.py       pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImagePalette.py   pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImagePath.py      pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImageQt.py        pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImageSequence.py  pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImageShow.py      pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImageStat.py      pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImageTk.py        pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImageTransform.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImageWin.py       pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/ImtImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/IptcImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/Jpeg2KImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/JpegImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/JpegPresets.py    pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/McIdasImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/MicImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/MpegImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/MpoImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/MspImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/PSDraw.py         pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/PaletteFile.py    pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/PalmImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/PcdImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/PcfFontFile.py    pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/PcxImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/PdfImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/PdfParser.py      pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/PixarImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/PngImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/PpmImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/PsdImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/PyAccess.py       pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/SgiImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/SpiderImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/SunImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/TarIO.py          pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/TgaImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/TiffImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/TiffTags.py       pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/WalImageFile.py   pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/WebPImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/WmfImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/XVThumbImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/XbmImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/XpmImagePlugin.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__init__.py       pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/BdfFontFile.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/BlpImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/BmpImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/BufrStubImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ContainerIO.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/CurImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/DcxImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/DdsImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/EpsImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ExifTags.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/FitsStubImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/FliImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/FontFile.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/FpxImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/FtexImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/GbrImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/GdImageFile.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/GifImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/GimpGradientFile.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/GimpPaletteFile.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/GribStubImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/Hdf5StubImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/IcnsImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/IcoImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/Image.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImageChops.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImageCms.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImageColor.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImageDraw.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImageDraw2.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImageEnhance.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImageFile.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImageFilter.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImageFont.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImageGrab.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImageMath.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImageMode.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImageMorph.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImageOps.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImagePalette.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImagePath.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImageQt.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImageSequence.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImageShow.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImageStat.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImageTk.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImageTransform.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImageWin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/ImtImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/IptcImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/Jpeg2KImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/JpegImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/JpegPresets.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/McIdasImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/MicImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/MpegImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/MpoImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/MspImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/PSDraw.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/PaletteFile.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/PalmImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/PcdImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/PcfFontFile.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/PcxImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/PdfImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/PdfParser.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/PixarImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/PngImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/PpmImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/PsdImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/PyAccess.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/SgiImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/SpiderImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/SunImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/TarIO.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/TgaImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/TiffImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/TiffTags.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/WalImageFile.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/WebPImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/WmfImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/XVThumbImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/XbmImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/XpmImagePlugin.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/_binary.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/_tkinter_finder.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/_util.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/_version.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/__pycache__/features.cpython-37.pyc pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/_binary.py        pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/_imaging.cpython-37m.so pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/_imagingmath.cpython-37m.so pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/_imagingmorph.cpython-37m.so pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/_imagingtk.cpython-37m.so pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/_tkinter_finder.py pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/_util.py          pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/_version.py       pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/PIL/features.py       pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Pillow-6.0.0-py3.7.egg-info/PKG-INFO pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Pillow-6.0.0-py3.7.egg-info/SOURCES.txt pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Pillow-6.0.0-py3.7.egg-info/dependency_links.txt pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Pillow-6.0.0-py3.7.egg-info/installed-files.txt pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Pillow-6.0.0-py3.7.egg-info/top_level.txt pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/Pillow-6.0.0-py3.7.egg-info/zip-safe pillow
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/EGG-INFO/PKG-INFO scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/EGG-INFO/SOURCES.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/EGG-INFO/dependency_links.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/EGG-INFO/native_libs.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/EGG-INFO/not-zip-safe scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/EGG-INFO/top_level.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/_fortran.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/_test_fortran.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/_test_fortran.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/idl.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/mmio.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/netcdf.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/wavfile.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/__pycache__/_fortran.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/__pycache__/_test_fortran.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/__pycache__/idl.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/__pycache__/mmio.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/__pycache__/netcdf.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/__pycache__/wavfile.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/byteordercodes.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/mio.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/mio4.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/mio5.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/mio5_params.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/mio5_utils.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/mio5_utils.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/mio_utils.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/mio_utils.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/miobase.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/streams.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/streams.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/__pycache__/byteordercodes.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/__pycache__/mio.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/__pycache__/mio4.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/__pycache__/mio5.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/__pycache__/mio5_params.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/__pycache__/mio5_utils.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/__pycache__/mio_utils.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/__pycache__/miobase.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/__pycache__/streams.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/bad_miuint32.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/bad_miutf8_array_name.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/big_endian.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/broken_utf8.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/corrupted_zlib_checksum.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/corrupted_zlib_data.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/japanese_utf8.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/little_endian.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/logical_sparse.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/malformed1.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/miuint32_for_miint32.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/miutf8_array_name.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/nasty_duplicate_fieldnames.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/one_by_zero_char.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/parabola.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/single_empty_string.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/some_functions.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/sqr.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/test3dmatrix_6.1_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/test3dmatrix_6.5.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/test3dmatrix_7.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/test3dmatrix_7.4_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/test_empty_struct.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/test_mat4_le_floats.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/test_skip_variable.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testbool_8_WIN64.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testcell_6.1_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testcell_6.5.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testcell_7.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testcell_7.4_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testcellnest_6.1_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testcellnest_6.5.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testcellnest_7.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testcellnest_7.4_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testcomplex_4.2c_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testcomplex_6.1_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testcomplex_6.5.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testcomplex_7.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testcomplex_7.4_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testdouble_4.2c_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testdouble_6.1_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testdouble_6.5.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testdouble_7.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testdouble_7.4_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testemptycell_5.3_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testemptycell_6.5.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testemptycell_7.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testemptycell_7.4_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testfunc_7.4_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testhdf5_7.4_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testmatrix_4.2c_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testmatrix_6.1_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testmatrix_6.5.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testmatrix_7.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testmatrix_7.4_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testminus_4.2c_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testminus_6.1_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testminus_6.5.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testminus_7.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testminus_7.4_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testmulti_4.2c_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testmulti_7.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testmulti_7.4_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testobject_6.1_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testobject_6.5.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testobject_7.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testobject_7.4_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testonechar_4.2c_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testonechar_6.1_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testonechar_6.5.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testonechar_7.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testonechar_7.4_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testscalarcell_7.4_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testsparse_4.2c_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testsparse_6.1_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testsparse_6.5.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testsparse_7.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testsparse_7.4_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testsparsecomplex_4.2c_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testsparsecomplex_6.1_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testsparsecomplex_6.5.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testsparsecomplex_7.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testsparsecomplex_7.4_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testsparsefloat_7.4_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/teststring_4.2c_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/teststring_6.1_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/teststring_6.5.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/teststring_7.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/teststring_7.4_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/teststringarray_4.2c_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/teststringarray_6.1_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/teststringarray_6.5.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/teststringarray_7.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/teststringarray_7.4_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/teststruct_6.1_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/teststruct_6.5.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/teststruct_7.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/teststruct_7.4_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/teststructarr_6.1_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testvec_4_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/teststructarr_6.5.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/teststructarr_7.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/teststructarr_7.4_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/teststructnest_6.1_SOL2.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/teststructnest_6.5.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/teststructnest_7.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/teststructnest_7.4_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testunicode_7.1_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/data/testunicode_7.4_GLNX86.mat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/afunc.m scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/gen_mat4files.m scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/gen_mat5files.m scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/save_matfile.m scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/test_byteordercodes.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/test_mio.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/test_mio5_utils.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/test_mio_funcs.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/test_mio_utils.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/test_miobase.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/test_pathological.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/matlab/tests/test_streams.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/test_fortran.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/test_idl.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/test_mmio.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/test_netcdf.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/test_paths.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/test_wavfile.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/array_float32_1d.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/array_float32_2d.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/array_float32_3d.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/array_float32_4d.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/array_float32_5d.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/array_float32_6d.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/array_float32_7d.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/array_float32_8d.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/array_float32_pointer_1d.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/array_float32_pointer_2d.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/array_float32_pointer_3d.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/array_float32_pointer_4d.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/array_float32_pointer_5d.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/array_float32_pointer_6d.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/array_float32_pointer_7d.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/array_float32_pointer_8d.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/example_1.nc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/example_2.nc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/example_3_maskedvals.nc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/fortran-3x3d-2i.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/fortran-mixed.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/fortran-sf8-11x1x10.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/fortran-sf8-15x10x22.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/fortran-sf8-1x1x1.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/fortran-sf8-1x1x5.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/fortran-sf8-1x1x7.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/fortran-sf8-1x3x5.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/fortran-si4-11x1x10.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/fortran-si4-15x10x22.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/fortran-si4-1x1x1.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/fortran-si4-1x1x5.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/fortran-si4-1x1x7.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/fortran-si4-1x3x5.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/invalid_pointer.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/null_pointer.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/scalar_byte.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/scalar_byte_descr.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/scalar_complex32.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/scalar_complex64.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/scalar_float32.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/scalar_float64.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/scalar_heap_pointer.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/scalar_int16.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/scalar_int32.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/scalar_int64.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/scalar_string.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/scalar_uint16.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/scalar_uint32.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/scalar_uint64.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/struct_arrays.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/struct_arrays_byte_idl80.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/struct_arrays_replicated.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/struct_arrays_replicated_3d.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/struct_inherit.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/struct_pointer_arrays.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/struct_pointer_arrays_replicated.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/struct_pointer_arrays_replicated_3d.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/struct_pointers.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/struct_pointers_replicated.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/struct_pointers_replicated_3d.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/struct_scalars.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/struct_scalars_replicated.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/struct_scalars_replicated_3d.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/test-44100Hz-2ch-32bit-float-be.wav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/test-44100Hz-2ch-32bit-float-le.wav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/test-44100Hz-le-1ch-4bytes-early-eof.wav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/test-44100Hz-le-1ch-4bytes-incomplete-chunk.wav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/test-44100Hz-le-1ch-4bytes.wav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/test-48000Hz-2ch-64bit-float-le-wavex.wav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/test-8000Hz-le-2ch-1byteu.wav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/tests/data/various_compressed.sav scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/arff/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/arff/tests/test_arffread.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/arff/tests/data/iris.arff scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/arff/tests/data/missing.arff scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/arff/tests/data/nodata.arff scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/arff/tests/data/test1.arff scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/arff/tests/data/test10.arff scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/arff/tests/data/test2.arff scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/arff/tests/data/test3.arff scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/arff/tests/data/test4.arff scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/arff/tests/data/test5.arff scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/arff/tests/data/test6.arff scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/arff/tests/data/test7.arff scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/arff/tests/data/test8.arff scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/arff/tests/data/test9.arff scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/arff/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/arff/arffread.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/arff/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/arff/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/arff/__pycache__/arffread.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/arff/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/harwell_boeing/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/harwell_boeing/tests/test_fortran_format.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/harwell_boeing/tests/test_hb.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/harwell_boeing/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/harwell_boeing/_fortran_format_parser.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/harwell_boeing/hb.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/harwell_boeing/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/harwell_boeing/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/harwell_boeing/__pycache__/_fortran_format_parser.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/harwell_boeing/__pycache__/hb.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/io/harwell_boeing/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/__pycache__/__config__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/__pycache__/_distributor_init.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/__pycache__/conftest.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/__pycache__/version.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/_fftpack.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/_fftpack.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/basic.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/convolve.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/convolve.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/helper.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/pseudo_diffs.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/realtransforms.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/__pycache__/_fftpack.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/__pycache__/basic.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/__pycache__/convolve.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/__pycache__/helper.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/__pycache__/pseudo_diffs.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/__pycache__/realtransforms.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/tests/Makefile scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/tests/fftw_dct.c scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/tests/fftw_double_ref.npz scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/tests/fftw_single_ref.npz scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/tests/gen_fftw_ref.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/tests/gendata.m scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/tests/gendata.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/tests/test.npz scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/tests/test_basic.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/tests/test_helper.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/tests/test_import.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/tests/test_pseudo_diffs.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/fftpack/tests/test_real_transforms.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/_fitpack.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/_fitpack.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/_fitpack_impl.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/_pade.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/_ppoly.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/_ppoly.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/dfitpack.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/dfitpack.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/fitpack.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/fitpack2.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/interpnd.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/interpnd.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/interpnd_info.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/interpolate.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/ndgriddata.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/polyint.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/rbf.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/_bspl.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/_bspl.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/_bsplines.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/_cubic.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/__pycache__/_bspl.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/__pycache__/_bsplines.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/__pycache__/_cubic.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/__pycache__/_fitpack.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/__pycache__/_fitpack_impl.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/__pycache__/_pade.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/__pycache__/_ppoly.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/__pycache__/dfitpack.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/__pycache__/fitpack.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/__pycache__/fitpack2.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/__pycache__/interpnd.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/__pycache__/interpnd_info.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/__pycache__/interpolate.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/__pycache__/ndgriddata.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/__pycache__/polyint.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/__pycache__/rbf.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/tests/test_pade.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/tests/test_polyint.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/tests/test_rbf.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/tests/test_regression.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/tests/test_bsplines.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/tests/test_fitpack.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/tests/test_fitpack2.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/tests/test_gil.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/tests/test_interpnd.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/tests/test_interpolate.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/tests/test_ndgriddata.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/tests/data/bug-1310.npz scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/interpolate/tests/data/estimate_gradients_hang.npy scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/_arraytools.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/_max_len_seq.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/_max_len_seq_inner.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/_max_len_seq_inner.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/_peak_finding.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/_peak_finding_utils.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/_peak_finding_utils.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/_savitzky_golay.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/_spectral.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/_spectral.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/_upfirdn.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/_upfirdn_apply.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/_upfirdn_apply.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/bsplines.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/filter_design.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/fir_filter_design.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/lti_conversion.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/ltisys.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/signaltools.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/sigtools.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/sigtools.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/spectral.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/spline.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/spline.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/waveforms.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/wavelets.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/__pycache__/_arraytools.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/__pycache__/_max_len_seq.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/__pycache__/_max_len_seq_inner.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/__pycache__/_peak_finding.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/__pycache__/_peak_finding_utils.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/__pycache__/_savitzky_golay.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/__pycache__/_spectral.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/__pycache__/_upfirdn.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/__pycache__/_upfirdn_apply.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/__pycache__/bsplines.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/__pycache__/filter_design.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/__pycache__/fir_filter_design.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/__pycache__/lti_conversion.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/__pycache__/ltisys.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/__pycache__/signaltools.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/__pycache__/sigtools.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/__pycache__/spectral.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/__pycache__/spline.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/__pycache__/waveforms.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/__pycache__/wavelets.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/tests/mpsig.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/tests/test_array_tools.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/tests/test_bsplines.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/tests/test_cont2discrete.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/tests/test_dltisys.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/tests/test_filter_design.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/tests/test_fir_filter_design.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/tests/test_ltisys.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/tests/test_max_len_seq.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/tests/test_peak_finding.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/tests/test_savitzky_golay.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/tests/test_signaltools.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/tests/test_spectral.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/tests/test_upfirdn.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/tests/test_waveforms.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/tests/test_wavelets.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/tests/test_windows.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/windows/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/windows/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/windows/__pycache__/windows.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/windows/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/windows/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/signal/windows/windows.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_build_utils/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_build_utils/_fortran.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_build_utils/system_info.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_build_utils/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_build_utils/__pycache__/_fortran.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_build_utils/__pycache__/system_info.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/constants/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/constants/codata.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/constants/constants.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/constants/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/constants/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/constants/__pycache__/codata.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/constants/__pycache__/constants.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/constants/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/constants/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/constants/tests/test_codata.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/constants/tests/test_constants.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/cython_optimize/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/cython_optimize/_zeros.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/cython_optimize/_zeros.pxd scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/cython_optimize/_zeros.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/cython_optimize/c_zeros.pxd scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/cython_optimize/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/cython_optimize/__pycache__/_zeros.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_basinhopping.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_bglu_dense.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_bglu_dense.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_cobyla.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_cobyla.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_constraints.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_differentiable_functions.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_differentialevolution.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_dual_annealing.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_group_columns.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_group_columns.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_hessian_update_strategy.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_hungarian.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_lbfgsb.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_lbfgsb.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_linprog.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_linprog_ip.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_linprog_rs.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_linprog_simplex.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_linprog_util.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_minimize.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_minpack.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_minpack.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_nnls.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_nnls.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_numdiff.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_remove_redundancy.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_root.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_root_scalar.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_shgo.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_slsqp.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_slsqp.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_spectral.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_dogleg.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_exact.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_krylov.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_ncg.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_tstutils.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_zeros.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_zeros.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/cobyla.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/cython_optimize.pxd scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/lbfgsb.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/linesearch.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/minpack.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/minpack2.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/minpack2.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/moduleTNC.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/moduleTNC.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/nnls.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/nonlin.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/optimize.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/slsqp.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tnc.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/zeros.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_shgo_lib/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_shgo_lib/sobol_seq.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_shgo_lib/sobol_vec.gz scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_shgo_lib/triangulation.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_shgo_lib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_shgo_lib/__pycache__/sobol_seq.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_shgo_lib/__pycache__/triangulation.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_constr/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_constr/canonical_constraint.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_constr/equality_constrained_sqp.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_constr/minimize_trustregion_constr.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_constr/projections.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_constr/qp_subproblem.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_constr/report.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_constr/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_constr/tr_interior_point.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_constr/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_constr/__pycache__/canonical_constraint.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_constr/__pycache__/equality_constrained_sqp.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_constr/__pycache__/minimize_trustregion_constr.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_constr/__pycache__/projections.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_constr/__pycache__/qp_subproblem.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_constr/__pycache__/report.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_constr/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_constr/__pycache__/tr_interior_point.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_constr/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_constr/tests/test_canonical_constraint.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_constr/tests/test_projections.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trustregion_constr/tests/test_qp_subproblem.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_basinhopping.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_bglu_dense.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_cobyla.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_constraints.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_differentiable_functions.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_differentialevolution.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_dual_annealing.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_group_columns.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_hessian_update_strategy.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_hungarian.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_lbfgsb.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_linprog.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_linprog_ip.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_linprog_rs.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_linprog_simplex.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_linprog_util.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_minimize.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_minpack.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_nnls.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_numdiff.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_remove_redundancy.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_root.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_root_scalar.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_shgo.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_slsqp.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_spectral.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_trustregion.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_trustregion_dogleg.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_trustregion_exact.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_trustregion_krylov.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_trustregion_ncg.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_tstutils.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/_zeros.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/cobyla.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/lbfgsb.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/linesearch.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/minpack.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/minpack2.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/moduleTNC.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/nnls.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/nonlin.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/optimize.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/slsqp.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/tnc.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/__pycache__/zeros.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/lbfgsb_src/README scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_lsq/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_lsq/__pycache__/bvls.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_lsq/__pycache__/common.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_lsq/__pycache__/dogbox.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_lsq/__pycache__/givens_elimination.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_lsq/__pycache__/least_squares.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_lsq/__pycache__/lsq_linear.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_lsq/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_lsq/__pycache__/trf.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_lsq/__pycache__/trf_linear.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_lsq/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_lsq/bvls.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_lsq/common.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_lsq/dogbox.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_lsq/givens_elimination.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_lsq/givens_elimination.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_lsq/least_squares.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_lsq/lsq_linear.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_lsq/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_lsq/trf.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_lsq/trf_linear.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trlib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trlib/__pycache__/_trlib.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trlib/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trlib/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trlib/_trlib.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trlib/_trlib.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/_trlib/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test__basinhopping.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test__differential_evolution.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test__dual_annealing.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test__linprog_clean_inputs.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test__numdiff.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test__remove_redundancy.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test__root.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test__shgo.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test__spectral.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_cobyla.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_constraint_conversion.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_constraints.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_cython_optimize.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_differentiable_functions.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_hessian_update_strategy.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_hungarian.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_lbfgsb_hessinv.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_least_squares.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_linesearch.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_linprog.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_lsq_common.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_lsq_linear.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_minimize_constrained.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_minpack.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_nnls.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_nonlin.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_optimize.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_regression.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_slsqp.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_tnc.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_trustregion.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_trustregion_exact.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_trustregion_krylov.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize/tests/test_zeros.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/_csparsetools.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/_csparsetools.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/_index.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/_matrix_io.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/_sparsetools.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/_sparsetools.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/base.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/bsr.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/compressed.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/construct.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/coo.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csc.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csr.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/data.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/dia.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/dok.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/extract.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/generate_sparsetools.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/lil.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/sparsetools.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/spfuncs.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/sputils.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/tests/test_base.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/tests/test_construct.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/tests/test_csc.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/tests/test_csr.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/tests/test_extract.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/tests/test_matrix_io.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/tests/test_sparsetools.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/tests/test_spfuncs.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/tests/test_sputils.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/tests/data/csc_py2.npz scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/tests/data/csc_py3.npz scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/__pycache__/_csparsetools.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/__pycache__/_index.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/__pycache__/_matrix_io.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/__pycache__/_sparsetools.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/__pycache__/base.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/__pycache__/bsr.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/__pycache__/compressed.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/__pycache__/construct.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/__pycache__/coo.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/__pycache__/csc.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/__pycache__/csr.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/__pycache__/data.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/__pycache__/dia.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/__pycache__/dok.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/__pycache__/extract.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/__pycache__/generate_sparsetools.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/__pycache__/lil.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/__pycache__/sparsetools.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/__pycache__/spfuncs.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/__pycache__/sputils.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/dsolve/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/dsolve/_add_newdocs.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/dsolve/_superlu.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/dsolve/_superlu.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/dsolve/linsolve.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/dsolve/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/dsolve/SuperLU/License.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/dsolve/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/dsolve/__pycache__/_add_newdocs.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/dsolve/__pycache__/_superlu.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/dsolve/__pycache__/linsolve.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/dsolve/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/dsolve/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/dsolve/tests/test_linsolve.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/eigen/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/eigen/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/eigen/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/eigen/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/eigen/arpack/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/eigen/arpack/__pycache__/_arpack.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/eigen/arpack/__pycache__/arpack.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/eigen/arpack/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/eigen/arpack/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/eigen/arpack/tests/test_arpack.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/eigen/arpack/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/eigen/arpack/_arpack.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/eigen/arpack/_arpack.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/eigen/arpack/arpack.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/eigen/arpack/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/eigen/arpack/ARPACK/COPYING scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/eigen/lobpcg/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/eigen/lobpcg/tests/test_lobpcg.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/eigen/lobpcg/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/eigen/lobpcg/lobpcg.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/eigen/lobpcg/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/eigen/lobpcg/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/eigen/lobpcg/__pycache__/lobpcg.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/eigen/lobpcg/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/tests/test_expm_multiply.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/tests/test_interface.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/tests/test_matfuncs.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/tests/test_norm.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/tests/test_onenormest.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/_gcrotmk.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/_iterative.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/_iterative.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/iterative.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/lgmres.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/lsmr.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/lsqr.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/minres.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/utils.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/__pycache__/_gcrotmk.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/__pycache__/_iterative.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/__pycache__/iterative.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/__pycache__/lgmres.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/__pycache__/lsmr.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/__pycache__/lsqr.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/__pycache__/minres.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/__pycache__/utils.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/tests/demo_lgmres.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/tests/test_gcrotmk.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/tests/test_iterative.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/tests/test_lgmres.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/tests/test_lsmr.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/tests/test_lsqr.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/tests/test_minres.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/isolve/tests/test_utils.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/_expm_multiply.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/_norm.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/_onenormest.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/interface.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/matfuncs.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/__pycache__/_expm_multiply.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/__pycache__/_norm.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/__pycache__/_onenormest.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/__pycache__/interface.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/__pycache__/matfuncs.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/linalg/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/__pycache__/_laplacian.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/__pycache__/_min_spanning_tree.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/__pycache__/_reordering.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/__pycache__/_shortest_path.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/__pycache__/_tools.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/__pycache__/_traversal.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/__pycache__/_validation.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/tests/test_connected_components.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/tests/test_conversions.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/tests/test_graph_laplacian.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/tests/test_reordering.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/tests/test_shortest_path.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/tests/test_spanning_tree.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/tests/test_traversal.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/_laplacian.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/_min_spanning_tree.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/_min_spanning_tree.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/_reordering.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/_reordering.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/_shortest_path.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/_shortest_path.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/_tools.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/_tools.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/_traversal.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/_traversal.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/_validation.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/sparse/csgraph/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/_binned_statistic.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/_constants.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/_continuous_distns.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/_discrete_distns.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/_distn_infrastructure.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/_distr_params.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/_hypotests.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/_multivariate.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/_rvs_sampling.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/_stats.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/_stats.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/_stats_mstats_common.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/_tukeylambda_stats.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/contingency.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/distributions.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/kde.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/morestats.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/mstats.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/mstats_basic.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/mstats_extras.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/mvn.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/mvn.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/statlib.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/statlib.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/stats.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/vonmises.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/_binned_statistic.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/_constants.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/_continuous_distns.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/_discrete_distns.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/_distn_infrastructure.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/_distr_params.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/_hypotests.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/_multivariate.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/_rvs_sampling.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/_stats.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/_stats_mstats_common.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/_tukeylambda_stats.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/contingency.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/distributions.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/kde.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/morestats.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/mstats.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/mstats_basic.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/mstats_extras.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/mvn.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/statlib.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/stats.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/__pycache__/vonmises.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/data/stable-cdf-sample-data.npy scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/data/stable-pdf-sample-data.npy scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/data/nist_anova/AtmWtAg.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/data/nist_anova/SiRstv.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/data/nist_anova/SmLs01.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/data/nist_anova/SmLs02.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/data/nist_anova/SmLs03.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/data/nist_anova/SmLs04.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/data/nist_anova/SmLs05.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/data/nist_anova/SmLs06.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/data/nist_anova/SmLs07.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/data/nist_anova/SmLs08.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/data/nist_anova/SmLs09.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/data/nist_linregress/Norris.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/common_tests.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/test_binned_statistic.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/test_contingency.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/test_continuous_basic.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/test_discrete_basic.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/test_discrete_distns.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/test_distributions.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/test_fit.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/test_kdeoth.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/test_morestats.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/test_mstats_basic.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/test_mstats_extras.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/test_multivariate.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/test_rank.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/test_stats.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/stats/tests/test_tukeylambda_stats.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/cluster/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/cluster/tests/hierarchy_test_data.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/cluster/tests/test_hierarchy.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/cluster/tests/test_vq.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/cluster/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/cluster/_hierarchy.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/cluster/_hierarchy.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/cluster/_optimal_leaf_ordering.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/cluster/_optimal_leaf_ordering.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/cluster/_vq.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/cluster/_vq.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/cluster/hierarchy.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/cluster/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/cluster/vq.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/cluster/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/cluster/__pycache__/_hierarchy.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/cluster/__pycache__/_optimal_leaf_ordering.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/cluster/__pycache__/_vq.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/cluster/__pycache__/hierarchy.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/cluster/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/cluster/__pycache__/vq.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/tests/dots.png scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/tests/test_c_api.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/tests/test_datatypes.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/tests/test_filters.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/tests/test_measurements.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/tests/test_morphology.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/tests/test_ndimage.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/tests/test_regression.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/tests/test_splines.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/tests/data/README.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/tests/data/label_inputs.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/tests/data/label_results.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/tests/data/label_strels.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/_ctest.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/_ctest.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/_ctest_oldapi.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/_ctest_oldapi.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/_cytest.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/_cytest.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/_nd_image.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/_nd_image.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/_ni_docstrings.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/_ni_label.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/_ni_label.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/_ni_support.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/filters.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/fourier.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/interpolation.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/measurements.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/morphology.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/__pycache__/_ctest.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/__pycache__/_ctest_oldapi.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/__pycache__/_cytest.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/__pycache__/_nd_image.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/__pycache__/_ni_docstrings.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/__pycache__/_ni_label.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/__pycache__/_ni_support.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/__pycache__/filters.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/__pycache__/fourier.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/__pycache__/interpolation.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/__pycache__/measurements.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/__pycache__/morphology.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/ndimage/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/odr/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/odr/tests/test_odr.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/odr/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/odr/__odrpack.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/odr/__odrpack.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/odr/add_newdocs.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/odr/models.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/odr/odrpack.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/odr/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/odr/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/odr/__pycache__/__odrpack.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/odr/__pycache__/add_newdocs.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/odr/__pycache__/models.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/odr/__pycache__/odrpack.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/odr/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/HACKING.rst.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/INSTALL.rst.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/LICENSE.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/THANKS.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/__config__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_distributor_init.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/conftest.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg.pxd scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/optimize.pxd scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special.pxd scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/version.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/__pycache__/_ccallback.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/__pycache__/_ccallback_c.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/__pycache__/_fpumode.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/__pycache__/_gcutils.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/__pycache__/_numpy_compat.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/__pycache__/_test_ccallback.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/__pycache__/_testutils.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/__pycache__/_threadsafety.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/__pycache__/_tmpdirs.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/__pycache__/_util.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/__pycache__/_version.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/__pycache__/decorator.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/__pycache__/doccer.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/__pycache__/messagestream.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/__pycache__/six.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/tests/test__gcutils.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/tests/test__testutils.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/tests/test__threadsafety.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/tests/test__util.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/tests/test__version.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/tests/test_ccallback.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/tests/test_import_cycles.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/tests/test_tmpdirs.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/tests/test_warnings.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/_ccallback.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/_ccallback_c.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/_ccallback_c.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/_fpumode.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/_fpumode.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/_gcutils.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/_numpy_compat.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/_test_ccallback.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/_test_ccallback.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/_testutils.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/_threadsafety.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/_tmpdirs.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/_util.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/_version.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/decorator.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/doccer.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/messagestream.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/messagestream.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/_lib/six.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/__pycache__/_bvp.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/__pycache__/_dop.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/__pycache__/_ode.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/__pycache__/_odepack.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/__pycache__/_quadpack.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/__pycache__/_test_multivariate.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/__pycache__/_test_odeint_banded.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/__pycache__/lsoda.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/__pycache__/odepack.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/__pycache__/quadpack.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/__pycache__/quadrature.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/__pycache__/vode.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_ivp/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_ivp/base.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_ivp/bdf.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_ivp/common.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_ivp/ivp.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_ivp/lsoda.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_ivp/radau.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_ivp/rk.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_ivp/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_ivp/__pycache__/base.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_ivp/__pycache__/bdf.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_ivp/__pycache__/common.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_ivp/__pycache__/ivp.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_ivp/__pycache__/lsoda.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_ivp/__pycache__/radau.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_ivp/__pycache__/rk.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_bvp.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_dop.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_dop.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_ode.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_odepack.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_odepack.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_quadpack.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_quadpack.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_test_multivariate.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_test_multivariate.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_test_odeint_banded.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/_test_odeint_banded.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/lsoda.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/lsoda.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/odepack.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/quadpack.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/quadrature.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/vode.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/vode.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/tests/_test_multivariate.c scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/tests/banded5x5.f scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/tests/test_banded_ode_solvers.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/tests/test_bvp.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/tests/test_integrate.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/tests/test_ivp.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/tests/test_odeint_jac.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/tests/test_quadpack.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/integrate/tests/test_quadrature.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/_cython_signature_generator.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/_decomp_ldl.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/_decomp_polar.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/_decomp_qz.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/_decomp_update.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/_expm_frechet.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/_fblas.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/_flapack.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/_flinalg.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/_generate_pyx.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/_interpolative.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/_interpolative_backend.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/_matfuncs_inv_ssq.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/_matfuncs_sqrtm.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/_procrustes.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/_sketches.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/_solve_toeplitz.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/_solvers.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/_testutils.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/basic.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/blas.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/cython_blas.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/cython_lapack.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/decomp.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/decomp_cholesky.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/decomp_lu.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/decomp_qr.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/decomp_schur.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/decomp_svd.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/flinalg.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/interpolative.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/lapack.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/linalg_version.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/matfuncs.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/misc.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__pycache__/special_matrices.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/src/lapack_deprecations/LICENSE scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/src/id_dist/doc/doc.tex scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/test_basic.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/test_blas.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/test_build.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/test_cython_blas.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/test_cython_lapack.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/test_decomp.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/test_decomp_cholesky.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/test_decomp_ldl.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/test_decomp_polar.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/test_decomp_update.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/test_fblas.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/test_interpolative.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/test_lapack.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/test_matfuncs.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/test_procrustes.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/test_sketches.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/test_solve_toeplitz.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/test_solvers.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/test_special_matrices.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/data/carex_15_data.npz scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/data/carex_18_data.npz scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/data/carex_19_data.npz scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/data/carex_20_data.npz scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/data/carex_6_data.npz scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/tests/data/gendare_20170120_data.npz scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_cython_signature_generator.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_decomp_ldl.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_decomp_polar.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_decomp_qz.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_decomp_update.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_decomp_update.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_expm_frechet.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_fblas.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_fblas.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_flapack.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_flapack.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_flinalg.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_flinalg.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_generate_pyx.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_interpolative.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_interpolative.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_interpolative_backend.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_matfuncs_inv_ssq.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_matfuncs_sqrtm.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_procrustes.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_sketches.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_solve_toeplitz.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_solve_toeplitz.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_solvers.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/_testutils.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/basic.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/blas.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/cython_blas.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/cython_blas.pxd scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/cython_blas.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/cython_lapack.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/cython_lapack.pxd scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/cython_lapack.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/decomp.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/decomp_cholesky.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/decomp_lu.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/decomp_qr.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/decomp_schur.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/decomp_svd.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/flinalg.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/interpolative.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/lapack.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/linalg_version.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/matfuncs.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/misc.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/linalg/special_matrices.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/misc/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/misc/__pycache__/common.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/misc/__pycache__/doccer.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/misc/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/misc/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/misc/tests/test_common.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/misc/tests/test_doccer.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/misc/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/misc/ascent.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/misc/common.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/misc/doccer.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/misc/ecg.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/misc/face.dat scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/misc/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/__pycache__/_distance_wrap.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/__pycache__/_hausdorff.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/__pycache__/_plotutils.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/__pycache__/_procrustes.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/__pycache__/_spherical_voronoi.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/__pycache__/_voronoi.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/__pycache__/ckdtree.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/__pycache__/distance.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/__pycache__/kdtree.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/__pycache__/qhull.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/transform/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/transform/_rotation_spline.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/transform/rotation.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/transform/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/transform/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/transform/__pycache__/_rotation_spline.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/transform/__pycache__/rotation.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/transform/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/transform/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/transform/tests/test_rotation.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/transform/tests/test_rotation_spline.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/qhull_src/COPYING.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/test__plotutils.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/test__procrustes.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/test_distance.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/test_hausdorff.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/test_kdtree.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/test_qhull.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/test_spherical_voronoi.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/cdist-X1.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/cdist-X2.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/degenerate_pointset.npz scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/iris.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/pdist-boolean-inp.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/pdist-chebyshev-ml-iris.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/pdist-chebyshev-ml.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/pdist-cityblock-ml-iris.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/pdist-cityblock-ml.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/pdist-correlation-ml-iris.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/pdist-correlation-ml.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/pdist-cosine-ml-iris.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/pdist-cosine-ml.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/pdist-double-inp.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/pdist-euclidean-ml-iris.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/pdist-euclidean-ml.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/pdist-hamming-ml.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/pdist-jaccard-ml.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/pdist-jensenshannon-ml-iris.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/pdist-jensenshannon-ml.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/pdist-minkowski-3.2-ml-iris.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/pdist-minkowski-3.2-ml.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/pdist-minkowski-5.8-ml-iris.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/pdist-seuclidean-ml-iris.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/pdist-seuclidean-ml.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/pdist-spearman-ml.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/random-bool-data.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/random-double-data.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/random-int-data.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/random-uint-data.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/tests/data/selfdual-4d-polytope.txt scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/_distance_wrap.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/_distance_wrap.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/_hausdorff.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/_hausdorff.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/_plotutils.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/_procrustes.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/_spherical_voronoi.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/_voronoi.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/_voronoi.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/ckdtree.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/ckdtree.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/distance.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/kdtree.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/qhull.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/qhull.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/spatial/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/__pycache__/_comb.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/__pycache__/_ellip_harm.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/__pycache__/_ellip_harm_2.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/__pycache__/_generate_pyx.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/__pycache__/_logsumexp.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/__pycache__/_mptestutils.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/__pycache__/_spherical_bessel.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/__pycache__/_test_round.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/__pycache__/_testutils.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/__pycache__/_ufuncs.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/__pycache__/_ufuncs_cxx.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/__pycache__/add_newdocs.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/__pycache__/basic.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/__pycache__/cython_special.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/__pycache__/lambertw.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/__pycache__/orthogonal.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/__pycache__/sf_error.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/__pycache__/specfun.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/__pycache__/spfun_stats.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_precompute/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_precompute/expn_asy.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_precompute/gammainc_asy.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_precompute/gammainc_data.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_precompute/lambertw.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_precompute/loggamma.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_precompute/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_precompute/struve_convergence.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_precompute/utils.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_precompute/zetac.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_precompute/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_precompute/__pycache__/expn_asy.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_precompute/__pycache__/gammainc_asy.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_precompute/__pycache__/gammainc_data.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_precompute/__pycache__/lambertw.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_precompute/__pycache__/loggamma.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_precompute/__pycache__/setup.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_precompute/__pycache__/struve_convergence.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_precompute/__pycache__/utils.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_precompute/__pycache__/zetac.cpython-37.pyc scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_comb.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_comb.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_ellip_harm.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_ellip_harm_2.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_ellip_harm_2.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_generate_pyx.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_logsumexp.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_mptestutils.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_spherical_bessel.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_test_round.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_test_round.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_testutils.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_ufuncs.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_ufuncs.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_ufuncs_cxx.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/_ufuncs_cxx.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/add_newdocs.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/basic.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/cython_special.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/cython_special.pxd scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/cython_special.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/lambertw.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/orthogonal.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/setup.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/sf_error.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/specfun.cpython-37m.so scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/specfun.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/spfun_stats.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/data/README scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/data/boost.npz scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/data/gsl.npz scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/data/local.npz scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/__init__.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_basic.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_boxcox.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_cdflib.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_cython_special.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_data.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_digamma.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_ellip_harm.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_gammainc.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_kolmogorov.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_lambertw.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_loggamma.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_logit.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_logsumexp.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_mpmath.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_nan_inputs.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_orthogonal.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_orthogonal_eval.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_owens_t.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_pcf.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_precompute_expn_asy.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_precompute_gammainc.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_precompute_utils.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_round.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_sf_error.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_sici.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_spence.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_spfun_stats.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_sph_harm.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_spherical_bessel.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_trig.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_wrightomega.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/python3.7/site-packages/scipy-1.3.0-py3.7-linux-aarch64.egg/scipy/special/tests/test_zeta.py scipy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/scipy/LICENSE                           scipy
